I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
International Day
Peppa and her friends are a play group.
They are dressed up in customs
for different countries.
Today is International Day,
when we celebrate all the countries
of the world.
Hooray!
Peppa is dressed as France.
I'm France.
George is Russia.
Pedro is America. Ye-ha!
Zoei is Japan. koni qi wa.
Susie is Holland.
Hallo, that's Dutch for hello.
Madame Gazelle,
what do all the countries of the world do?
They sing the song of harmony together.
Hooray!
I like singing.
So do I.
Does anyone remember the words?
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
Peace and harmony in all the world,
Peace and harmony.
Lovely, and later we will sing
that for your mammies and daddies.
It is the playtime. Enjoy yourselves.
Play nicely together.
All the countries are playing in the playground.
The United Kingdom is on the slide.
France and Swissland are on the swings.
Germany is playing hopscotch, one-two-three.
America, Russia, Spain and Greece
are in the sand pit.
I will build a big sand castle. Ye-ha!
Here are Holland and Japan.
Now it's our turn in the sand pit.
Why?
Because you've had your turn.
You can play on the slide now.
But we want to play here.
Oh, dear.
There's not enough room in the sand pit
for more than four countries.
What's going on?
It's our turn in the sand pit.
But we are here first.
Is Susie being the big bossy?
George started it.
Leave George alone,he's only little.
What's so on this noise about, then?
They're trying to push us out of the sand pit.
No, we're not.
Yes, you are.
George started...
Oh, dear, the countries of the world
are not playing nicely together.
Peace and harmony in all the w...
what's that noise?
Oh, no! The countries are fighting.
You can't play in the sand pit.
Yes, we can.
That's not fair.
Stop arguing.
Susie,
you're always telling people what to do!
No, I am not.
Children, children, what is happening?
America, Russia, Spain and Greece
won't share the sand pit.
Holland is being bossy.
You are the bossy one.
That is enough.
Is this how you think
the countries of the world behave?
Don't they?
Of course not.
Sorry, Madame Gazelle.
Hello.
All the parents have arrived.
How's international day going?
Not too bad.
Excellent.
Lovely.
We will all sing
for you the song peace and harmony.
Peace and harmony in all the world,
Peace and harmony.
Hooray.
What a wonderful display of togetherness.
Peppa and her friends
love singing together in harmony.
All the countries of the world